subset of entity attributes - Find methods (#921)
jakartaee/data: spec/src/main/asciidoc/repository.asciidoc

A Jakarta Data implementation must treat abstract methods inherited by a repository interface as if they were directly declared by the repository interface.

> Repositories perform operations on entities. For repository methods that are annotated with `@Insert`, `@Update`, `@Save`, or `@Delete`, the entity type is determined from the method parameter type. For repository methods that are annotated with a `@Find`, the entity type is determined from the annotation value, if a valid entity type. Otherwise, for `find` and `delete` methods where the return type is an entity, array of entity, or parameterized type such as `List<MyEntity>` or `Page<MyEntity>`, the entity type is determined from the method return type.  For `count`, `exists`, and other `find` and `delete` methods that do not return the entity or accept the entity as a parameter, the entity type cannot be determined from the method signature and a _primary entity type_ must be defined for the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repositories perform operations on entities. For repository methods that are annotated with `@Insert`, `@Update`, `@Save`, or `@Delete`, the entity type is determined from the method parameter type. For repository methods that are annotated with a `@Find`, the entity type is determined by the annotation `value` member, if an entity type is explicitly specified. Otherwise, for `find` and `delete` methods where the return type is an entity, array of entity, or parameterized type such as `List<MyEntity>` or `Page<MyEntity>`, the entity type is determined from the method return type.  For `count`, `exists`, and other `find` and `delete` methods that do not return the entity or accept the entity as a parameter, the entity type cannot be determined from the method signature and a _primary entity type_ must be defined for the repository.
```

Author: Thanks for improving the language/clarity here.
